Artificial Societies – AI‑Powered Audience Simulations for Content Testing Features Use Cases How it Works Accuracy Pricing Sign-Up Announcing our $5.3m seed stage funding from Point72 Ventures Kindred Capital Combinator Learn more Test Social Media in Artificial Societies Artificial Societies are collectives of AI personas that allow you to run experiments in minutes, not months. Try Free Explore Features Backed by Imagine seeing your content go viral before you launch it Trusted by marketers and creators associated with Runway Toward Data Science Boardy.ai Lovable 11x.ai Weave Pulsar Remade SEO monitor The Agentic Dex Rokt Mastra Platformed Leena AI ZenCheck CoLoop Valyu Runway Toward Data Science Boardy.ai Lovable 11x.ai Weave Pulsar Remade SEO monitor The Agentic Dex Rokt Mastra Platformed Leena AI ZenCheck CoLoop Valyu 2,000,000+ Persona Database 150,000+ Simulations Run 20,000+ Platform Users Product Overview Create realistic simulations of your target audience to instantly test messages, content, or ideas Targeted Accurately model even hard-to-reach audiences. Scalable Test any form of idea, content, or decision Rapid Get actionable insights in minutes, not months. Affordable A fraction of the cost of traditional research. Features Explore, validate, and refine content 1 Create Any Society Use plain english to describe your target audience, or create a personal society based on your real social media interactions. 2 Run Rapid Experiments Execute simulations in minutes to find the optimal form of your content or idea. 3 Get Instant Insights Evaluate the performance of your experiment with scores, comments, and summaries. 4 Forecast Every Outcome Artificial Societies uses your style to generate and test variations of your original post every time you run a simulation. Use Cases Optimize any kind of message PR & Comms Craft Narratives Test different communication strategies to deliver the right reaction Product Decide Features Test how your target customers react to product ideas and new features Branding Stand Out Test how different brand and voice ideas resonate with your ideal buyer. Marketing Generate Leads Test marketing content in a simulation of your target customers Social Media Make Content Test social content in simulations of your network and audience Journalism Capture Attention Test headlines, thumbnails, and article content to maximise reader attention How It Works From raw data to real understanding Persona Creation Personas powered by real data We draw from multiple public sources to capture true preferences, motivations, and behaviors at an individual level. Our engine distills these into lifelike personas, so your insights feel genuine and human. Society Construction Modelling how ideas spread through social networks When you create a society, we retrieve relevant matches from our database of over 1 million personas. We map how they connect and influence one another through a Social Graph - linking people by shared interests, backgrounds, and past interactions. AI-driven Simulations AI Personas powered by cutting-edge LLMs Every experiment you run triggers personas who discover, share, and react to your idea. Behind the scenes, hundreds of LLM calls process millions of tokens to capture both individual and collective behaviors. Result Generation Insights you can act on See how personas respond to your ideas with both numbers and summaries. Get data at the group and individual level - and chat with Amos, our social intelligence engine, for clear answers on your audience and results. Automatic A/B Testing Message variants, generated and tested for you When you run a simulation, we take your original message and create multiple versions to test alongside. Our variant writers incorporate your tone of voice, as well as best practice techniques for the message context. Personas powered by real data We draw from multiple public sources to capture true preferences, motivations, and behaviors at an individual level. Our engine distills these into lifelike personas, so your insights feel genuine and human. Modelling how ideas spread through social networks When you create a society, we retrieve relevant matches from our database of over 1 million personas. We map how they connect and influence one another through a Social Graph - linking people by shared interests, backgrounds, and past interactions. AI Personas powered by cutting-edge LLMs Every experiment you run triggers personas who discover, share, and react to your idea. Behind the scenes, hundreds of LLM calls process millions of tokens to capture both individual and collective behaviors. Insights you can act on See how personas respond to your ideas with both numbers and summaries. Get data at the group and individual level - and chat with Amos, our social intelligence engine, for clear answers on your audience and results. Message variants, generated and tested for you When you run a simulation, we take your original message and create multiple versions to test alongside. Our variant writers incorporate your tone of voice, as well as best practice techniques for the message context. Artificial Societies is 30% more accurate at predicting engagement than standard LLMs. Success rate at picking winners from pairs of LinkedIn posts Artificial Societies 82 % Claude 3.7 Sonnet 64 % Gemini 1.5 pro 63 % GPT-4o 60 % GPT-3.5 Turbo 54 % By using real data to model individuals and their interactions, Artificial Societies can predict social outcomes at far greater accuracy than standard LLMs. Read Full Report Testimonials Join thousands using Artificial Societies to run simulations and test ideas Artificial Societies is now a part of our AI based thought leadership program for B2B founders. Perkzz Ariel Cabiri CEO I use Artificial Societies every day! Jump Liam Hanlon Head of Insights Is this a kind of magic? Tinexta Guido Frigieri Innovation Consultant Breathtaking Henge Paolo Tormena Founder & CEO I really love AS&#x27;s network analysis approach. Embarc Jason Pitts Head of Platform Operations Artificial Societies is a smart way to test and refine ideas early, helping you iterate faster and gather feedback before investing resources. The Transformation Tour Alexiou Gibson Founder Love how the use case is so clear and specific ROXi Jayna Patel Product Manager Love what you are trying to do. Quite brilliant. I&#x27;ve been trying it out for more time than I have given any other AI tool that is recommended to me. Unwasted Rod Fountain Founder & CEO I’m impressed. My LinkedIn Post got likes and comments 3x faster than my usual ones, and I’m seeing influencers with 20k+ followers engaging. Jupitrr AI Harris Cheng Co-founder I love using Artificial Societies — it helps me test audience reactions and choose the best wording. The Variants feature is a game changer. I can’t imagine working without it! Fond Taro Fukuyama Founder and former CEO Get started today Monthly Yearly -30% Free Get started with simulations $0 No cost to run your first experiments Access all features Configure your own societies 3 Starting simulation credits Select Free Pro For founders, creators and builders $55 / mo Billed monthly Everything in Free Unlimited societies Unlimited simulation credits Select Pro Enterprise Custom builds for businesses Get in Touch Pricing on request Custom audience builds Custom contexts & segments Data & CRM integration API Access Dedicated Account Manager Enquire Free Get started with simulations $0 No cost to run your first experiments Access all features Configure your own societies 3 Starting simulation credits Select Free Pro For founders, creators and builders $40 / mo Billed annually Everything in Free Unlimited societies Unlimited simulation credits Select Pro Enterprise Custom builds for businesses Get in Touch Pricing on request Custom audience builds Custom contexts & segments Data & CRM integration API Access Dedicated Account Manager Enquire FAQ We simulated what questions you need answering Explore quick solutions to common questions. Need more? Feel free to contact our support team . What is an Artificial Society? An artificial society is a digital simulation of a group of people - each represented by an AI “persona” with its own traits, preferences and behaviors. How do credits work? You consume one credit every time you run a simulation or regenerate variants. Free accounts have a starting balance of 3 credits and can start a free trial of the pro subscription after they have used them. Pro users have unlimited credits. What kinds of experiments can I run? Artificial Societies is designed for testing how messages, ideas, and concepts resonate with a target audience. Free and Pro plans have a set of pre-configured input ‘contexts’ which define how the personas encounter the information. For example, these contexts include social media posts, emails, advertisements, and more. We’re continually expanding the range of contexts on offer so please reach out to us if there’s one you’d like to add. What’s the difference between target and personal societies? There are two types of society that you can create: target and personal. You create a target society by describing your desired audience in plain english. Personal societies are built from the actual people who you engage with on social media, and those who engage with you in return. These societies place you, the author, at the centre of the network How many personas are in a society? Societies generally range from 20 to 300 personas based on how many profiles match your description. For larger societies or custom-builds, reach out to us at support@societies.io Backed by Point72 Ventures Kindred Capital Combinator With angel investors from Sequoia Google DeepMind Prolific Strava © 2025 Artificial Societies Itd. founders@societies.io Privacy Notice Terms of Service Message the Founders Cancel Thank you! Your submission has been received! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. Join the Waitlist Cancel Thank you for joining our waitlist! We&#x27;re excited to have you with us and will keep you updated on our progress. Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form.
